hello I'm Murray Newlands welcome to
another episode of two-time my series
interviewing your favorite YouTube
celebrities today I'm speaking with a
random man up how did you get into
making YouTube videos I got I feel like
people who get into YouTube videos it
mainly comes from the inspiration from
what other people have already on
YouTube for example I've always been on
YouTube lightest ever made videos
because I was mainly well I was kind of
fat but so this mission really comes
from a lot of people that I used to
watch like nigahiga KevJumba I watch
Brian James ethics videos is this videos
really inspired mine just those are just
some people are really watched and
that's my style
most people get their YouTube creation
ideas from
people and when did you start - when did
your video start to take off when did
you start to get an audience well the
first video we've ever made was a call
me JB we we did a song call me maybe and
it just dubbed it we thought it'd be
funny
well we actually were watching Iranian
desert video and he did a health on the
gates the that was originally California
Gurls and he thought it'd be funny Tommy
maybe intended to call me baby and it
was actually really surprising because
we did not expect anyone to watch a
video of maybe our closest friends and
not maybe their long suit but the next
day we had AC news we were freaking out
18 you that's a lot they after that yet
3,000 you can imagine how we felt
lighter jumping oh I did like a back
foot and I didn't have your back book I
just tried it
everyone's doing backflips we almost had
to go to the doctor but we're just
extremely happy and over the course of a
week our video goes up to maybe half a
million views because it was all
networking and social networking
everyone was just spreading it around
and eventually it got to a million and
then that's when we had the biggest
birthday and what were some of the fine
comments that you remember that's
another funny thing um some fan comments
we've had here sometimes we had her
pretty I mean some are some people are
just taking it was just
those are the people who dislike videos
for no reason and then some people are
just with creepy and they they post
stuff that this is post oh and then uh
just some people are really loving and
supporting
and then so out of all those people who
comment I feel a comment that I would
remember it we have a guy on call me man
call me gay be in this market he's on
third is really gives a lot of money to
say that and some guy commented it from
some person I'm not sure I've got like
just some person confident said damn
Alexei's a shave his armpits like in the
face of a black hole I'm like voice and
then that's that call me got like like
over a hundred times and I cut this out
and we were actually were thinking of
making t-shirts to have like if you are
alert here raise your arms we do be
looking boy keep on picking on your
t-shirt and not look we just thought
that'd be really funny so and what do
you like so what's your favorite thing
about making videos making videos that's
actually it's more than just a hobby
that's actually a passion i I really
here's when they consider
and I just bought my camera weeks ago so
I've been making it even following the
other making videos every single day say
if you could say one one shout-out to a
fans what would it be
one shout-out to man yeah no funds
defense okay
I love you all